Title Slide
Slide 2
Introduction by Naomi Black
Slide 3
Impact of Captions on the Web
Slide 4
Requirements of a Video text format
Slide 5
Simple WebVTT file
Slide 6
Styled WebVTT file
Slide 7
Internationalized WebVTT file
Slide 8
Positioning of WebVTT cues
Slide 9
Speaker semantics in cues
Slide 10
Audio descriptions in WebVTT
Slide 11
Navigation through chapters
Slide 12
HTML markup for captions
Slide 13
CSS for rich styling
Slide 14
Demo of roll-up captions
Slide 15
Example with paint-on captions
Slide 16
Concluding remarks
Slide 17
Question on line numbers
Slide 18
Question on hyperlinks
Slide 19
Questions on mixing kinds in a file
Slide 20
Question on where style sheets live
Slide 21
Question on justified text
Slide 22
Final thanks